[Music]
this is the brand-new 2017 Boston Whaler
230 outrage I'm gonna tell you I love
checking out new whalers cuz the stuff
these people come up with it's great
this leaning post is a perfect example
you can flip this back down here and get
a nice little table right
okay that's nifty but check this out
you can also flip the entire seat back
down and turn the whole affair into a
bench seat I mean how cool is that
you can find another example of
innovative thinking right up here in the
bow this forward console see for example
it's a magnetic catch you just pop it up
when you're done in there push it down
no muss no fuss it's a piece of cake the
same is true up forward if you look at
this forward seating arrangement it's
very tight this is only a 23 foot boat
right you can never give room for fish
boxes under the ford seating in a 23
foot boat ah but Whaler took it forward
and instead of trying to build boxes
this way built one this way boat
shoppers who are looking for 23 foot
center console they want a fish boats
but they want something to show some
real innovation I'm going to want to
check out this 230 outrage head over to
boats calm and give it a look
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters